and fall its sides that I hope you
be well I'm fine too I
you presents a small video finally a
next is a video renewal
how do you actually explain as
I saw that my mojito what is made
in any turtle helmets
beach and ben on your ps4 console has it
not market because it was a problem
even setting it's not I'm
really sorry but now
normally it should work
so that's it then I'll explain
how to connect your headphones
normally all turtle helmets
beach you have ben here is your helmet
already the bulk of the purchase I'm at
300 mg no I advise you to buy
he frankly he really nice
pixels of play face rents very well
p2 it's a helmet imagine very well
so that's normally you have something
like that made a case you can
change his master mute and all the
brothel like that so for them then
it's very simple I saw videos in
the Americans and there were none in
France so now I'm you
present well how to do on your
console it's very simple when done at
start normally you have the red thread
and white normally you plug it in
do that spell in red and white for this
they have the ps4 the xbox one and that's it
but that and so that's how it is to
plug in the small red plugs and
white behind your TV that's it without
you unplug it you take your key
usb and normally that for those who are
a little far from peace like me
you plug you break you break
salah to have both types or
normally or Norman they are glued
I took scissors you will follow two and
cut you in the middle there could pull
as much of what you want from both sons
so it's really helpful to then for
them to make it simple actually you have to
just got in the bath the jack plug and the
jack in your ps 4 controller you
press to place the jack like that
and well there is
sorry excuse me the usb key for
plug in art your console which is
just there the usb key in the power supply
well here's the people think it's
everything I want to show parameters of
this case but as parameters for
that it works well for it to work
better the parameters that to do in
woods people were going to right away
and go back there we meet again for the
follow this little tutorial for helmets
so let's go, disgusts her
there was a little setting to do on
the ps4
we'll do it fast it's really
very young it is under the threat of everything
the world
so you have to go on settings
your console settings
her screen where her husband forgive display
excuse me normally it should be
just the mark and you're just going to the
third box or click or its screen
have come out of his after the month
normally the cegos is like me
did not hook up a romance its brands
and cat exits you click on it
you have two options
any other game you mark you click
and their German it should work
nickel excuse me I still want to
apologize for this poorly done video
that I did just before and for that the
as badly done because I'm doing them
quickly because I do not have much time
hungry i have not too many times
in truth because there I am the age the
end of too much speed like that and
here are the people I hope it will have you
more excuse me again for seven for the
video missed thaler I hope that
you will have saved at least 80
euros I advise you ps 22 because
that he is very good
so here are the people I tell you at
goodbye and geek and good people on ps4
spock mouse souad so here are the people
I say goodbye and do not hesitate
love commented my video and at the
share and subscribe studious